# Binary Search Algorithm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_search_algorithm

- On successful search of x
1. start points to first value > x
2. end points to last value < x
- For duplicates
1. To get left most, keep moving to left on find target
2. To get right most, keep moving to right to find target


# On unique list
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search/

# Find first and last position
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/

# Search insert position on unique list
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/

# Smallest letter greater than target
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-smallest-letter-greater-than-target/

# Guess number 
https://leetcode.com/problems/guess-number-higher-or-lower/

# First bad version
https://leetcode.com/problems/first-bad-version/

# Find majority element
https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-a-number-is-majority-element-in-a-sorted-array/


# Smallest common elements
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-smallest-common-element-in-all-rows/

# Search on sorted 2d array
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-a-2d-matrix/
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-a-2d-matrix-ii/

# Search on uknown size
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-a-sorted-array-of-unknown-size/

#  Fixed point
https://leetcode.com/problems/fixed-point/

# Single element in sorted array
https://leetcode.com/problems/single-element-in-a-sorted-array/

# Missing number in arithmetic progression
https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number-in-arithmetic-progression/

# Missing element
https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-element-in-sorted-array/

# Valid mountain array
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-mountain-array/

# Peak of mountain valley
https://leetcode.com/problems/peak-index-in-a-mountain-array/

# Find in Mountain Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-in-mountain-array/

# Peak element
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-peak-element/

# Find minimum in rotated array
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/

https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array-ii/

# Search in rotated array
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/

https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array-ii/

# Square root
https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/

# Valid perfect square
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-perfect-square/

# Find real square root of x
https://www.educative.io/courses/coderust-hacking-the-coding-interview/kRLrx

# Arrange coins 
https://leetcode.com/problems/arranging-coins/

# Uber problem - Koko eating banana
https://leetcode.com/problems/koko-eating-bananas/

# Capacity to ship packages
https://leetcode.com/problems/capacity-to-ship-packages-within-d-days/

# Minimize max distance
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimize-max-distance-to-gas-station/

Soln: https://leetcode.com/problems/minimize-max-distance-to-gas-station/solutions/113629/approach-the-problem-using-the-trial-and-error-algorithm/

# Split Array largest sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/split-array-largest-sum/

# Divide chocolate
https://leetcode.com/problems/divide-chocolate/


# Calander booking
https://leetcode.com/problems/my-calendar-i/

# Heaters problem
https://leetcode.com/problems/heaters/

# Median of two sorted array
https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/

# k closest element
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-k-closest-elements/

# Power
https://leetcode.com/problems/powx-n/

# ugly number
https://leetcode.com/problems/ugly-number/
https://leetcode.com/problems/ugly-number-ii/
https://leetcode.com/problems/ugly-number-iii/

# Get H index
https://leetcode.com/problems/h-index/
https://leetcode.com/problems/h-index-ii/



# Find duplicate number
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-duplicate-number/

# Find more than 25% 
https://leetcode.com/problems/element-appearing-more-than-25-in-sorted-array/

# Kth related problems 

https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-smallest-element-in-a-sorted-matrix/

https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-missing-positive-number/

https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-smallest-number-in-multiplication-table/

https://leetcode.com/problems/find-k-th-smallest-pair-distance/

https://leetcode.com/problems/k-th-smallest-prime-fraction/

# 4 sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/4sum-ii/

# Shortest distance
https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-distance-to-target-color/


# Range 
https://leetcode.com/problems/heaters/


#  Longest common prefix
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/


# Two sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/


# Swim
https://leetcode.com/problems/swim-in-rising-water/

# Smallest Rectangle
https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-rectangle-enclosing-black-pixels/


# Count of smallest number
https://leetcode.com/problems/count-of-smaller-numbers-after-self/

# Scheduling
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-profit-in-job-scheduling/


# Max sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/max-sum-of-rectangle-no-larger-than-k/


# Smallest good base
https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-good-base/

# Dolls
https://leetcode.com/problems/russian-doll-envelopes/

# Count of range sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/count-of-range-sum/

# Game
https://leetcode.com/problems/dungeon-game/



# Nth magical number
https://leetcode.com/problems/nth-magical-number/

# Egg drop
https://leetcode.com/problems/super-egg-drop/

# Reverse pair
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-pairs/

# Shortest sub array
https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-subarray-with-sum-at-least-k/

# Median of two sorted array
https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/solution/

# Best meeting point
https://leetcode.com/problems/best-meeting-point/

# Orderly Queue
https://leetcode.com/problems/orderly-queue/

# Binary search on tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-mode-in-binary-search-tree/

